React SDK: Fix variables in custom email guides (#5790)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/email-magic-links-overview/main/index.md

<StackSnippet snippet="VersionSupportNote" />

> **Note**: EML is only supported in OIDC-based app integrations.

## Email Magic Links vs. one-time passcodes

The Okta email authenticator provides a simple way for a user to authenticate themselves or recover their accounts. It supports two methods for them to validate their credentials as part of those processes. In both methods, an email is sent to their primary email address and either:

> 1. They copy an OTP from the email to their app and submits it to Identity Engine for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. They copy an OTP from the email to their app and submit it to Identity Engine for authentication.
```

### Same device, same browser only

Magic links only work when there's complete assurance that the person who started the request is the same one who clicked the magic link. This requires a user who signs in to your app in a browser. Then the user needs to be in the same browser on the same device when they click the magic link.

> If either their browser or device is different, the magic link is disabled. They must either return to the original browser to use the magic link or use the OTP instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If either their browser or device is different, Okta disables the magic link. They must either return to the original browser to use the magic link or use the OTP instead.
```
